java c
Psyc 352 Spring, 2024
research Paper (30%)
Objective:   The objective of this assignment is to put your critical analysis of a topic into writing – to communicate clearly to other academics. To succeed on this assignment, you will need to 1) comprehend the readings, 2) be able to summarize concisely and cite appropriately, 3) extract the main points, 3) critically evaluate and situation the author(s) perspective or interpretation in a broader context, and 4) avoid making claims or statements without citing scientific evidence.
Paper details:   For this assignment, you will first select a weekly topic from the course topics for weeks 3-13. Then, you will examine the reading and the lecture material carefully – identifying the two primary perspectives on the topic you selected. The perspectives may be ones that I discussed in lecture, or they can also be other ones that you are interested in but they must be directly relevant to the course objectives (see Course Outcomes on syllabus). Next, you will do your homework by researching the issue and reading   your evidence. After you read your evidence on both sides of your selected issue, you will form. your own evidence-based view on the issue. It is not until you complete your research that you form. a perspective on the issue! 
The structure of your paper should resemble an introduction section of an empirical paper that you read for this course. It will present both sides of the debate but must have one primary perspective and present that idea with supporting evidence. As with all APA psychology papers, the evidence must be summarized succinctly with no superfluous details yet with sufficient detail to allow the reader to interpret and evaluate. Be sure to construct the flow of your paper carefully (note - an outline will help with this) and have strong transitions, introduction, and conclusions.
Format:   Each paper is 10 pages double-spaced, not including your references or title page. There is no abstract needed for this paper. The paper must be in APA format. Please be sure to review the details of APA format, including how to write in a professional language. Also be sure to cite appropriately. If you do not cite your sources appropriately, you will lose points. Do not use quotations. I want to see your work, not others.
All references must be peer-reviewed journa代 写Psyc 352 Spring, 2024 Research Paper Matlab
代做程序编程语言l articles or scholarly chapters. You may use articles from psychology AND anthropology (but not solely anthropology). You must include 5 references in addition   to any assigned readings for the course. 
Structure: The paper is 10 double-spaced pages (APA formatting). First you will introduce your topic and your perspective (up to one page). Next, you will review and summarize the evidence on both sides of your thesis (giving more weight to “your” side, of course). This should not read as a list but rather an integrated summary of the literature on this topic. Next, you will write 1-2 pages proposing a practical research project to investigate your question. In this section you will need to integrate course ideas of generalizability, representation, and ethics.   Lastly, you will summarize your work by discussing the possible outcomes of your research and the interpretations of those outcomes.
How to submit: Submit your paper on Canvas as a word document (.doc or .docx).
Feedback: You will receive feedback on your paper two weeks after submission. Feedback will be in the form. of a word document as an attachment on canvas. It will contain the rubric (see below). The rubric is tentative and may change.
Paper Rubric (30 pts)Content:   (14pts)Introduction (pages 1-8):Is the topic clearly identified, arguable and within the scope of the course objectives?Is the position on the topic clear and written as a thesis statement?Is the thesis presented as a clear and logical flow of ideas with sensible transitions?Is the evidence summarized succinctly, accurately and without information that is tangential to the point?Research project (pages 8-10):Is the research project summarized clearly with sufficient detail for evaluation?Are the course topics embedded in the research proposal section?Conclusion and implications   Citations: (6pts)Are sources cited appropriately and accurately?Are sources cited accurately?Reference: (5pts)Does the reference follow the assignment guidelines?Are the references well selected – addressing the issue from different approaches, disciplines, or methods (not all from one source)?Communication: (5pts)Is the writing style. scientific, professional, and clear?APA formatSpelling or grammatical errorsOther deductions (    )Did not follow assignment guidelines.



         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
